So what happens if we have data that looks like
this where a line won't really do a good job fitting in?
Maybe would like to have a curve or some polynomial.
Maybe something along the lines of 2x cubed minus 8x squared, et cetera.
This can be solved using a very similar algorithm than linear regression.
All we have to do is instead of considering lines,
we consider higher degree polynomials.
This would give us more weights to solve our problem.
For example, this problem here we'll make a solve for four weights;
w_1, w_2, w_3, w_4.
But the algorithm is the same thing.
We just take the mean absolute or squared error and take the derivative with respect to
the four variables and use gradient descent to
modify these four weights in order to minimize the error.
These algorithm is known as polynomial regression.